Pluggy docs (#667)
actualbudget/docs: docs/experimental/pluggyai.md

1. In Actual, click **“+ Add account”** at the bottom of the sidebar.

    ![](/static/img/connecting-your-bank/connecting-your-bank-02.png)

2. Select **“Set-up Pluggy for bank-sync.”**

    ![](/static/img/connecting-your-bank/pluggy-setup-modal-setup.png)

3. In the dialog that appears, enter:
   - **Client ID**: From your Pluggy Console
   - **Client Secret**: From your Pluggy Console
   - **Item IDs**: Comma-separated if entering more than one

    ![](/static/img/connecting-your-bank/pluggy-setup-modal.png)

4. Click **Save**. The credentials will be securely stored on the server.

---

### Link Accounts with Pluggy

1. In Actual, link a bank account (existing or new):
   - For an **existing account**, click it, then click the `...` (kebab menu) and choose **Link Account**.

     ![](/static/img/connecting-your-bank/connecting-your-bank-01.png)

   - For a **new account**, click **“+ Add account”** in the sidebar.

     ![](/static/img/connecting-your-bank/connecting-your-bank-02.png)

2. Select **Link your bank account** with Pluggy.ai.

    ![](/static/img/connecting-your-bank/pluggy-setup-add-account.png)

3. A list of accounts from your Pluggy connection will appear.

> 4. Click **Link account** next to the one you want to sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Set up bank-sync** next to the one you want to sync.
```

    ![](/static/img/connecting-your-bank/pluggy-setup-modal-link-account.png)

---

### Retrieve Transactions

Actual does **not** sync bank data automatically. To fetch new transactions manually:

- To sync all accounts: click **All Accounts** in the sidebar, then click **Sync**.
- To sync a single account: open the account and click the sync button.

  ![](/static/img/connecting-your-bank/syncing-with-your-bank.png)

> 

Reviewer: I'm not sure we need this bit specifically in the Pluggy page because it's common to all sync providers, but it would be good on the main bank sync page or the FAQs

Author: Removed from pluggy page and simplefin. Added to the main bank sync page
